=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Role::RepoFileInjector - Create files outside the build directory

=head1 VERSION

version 0.004

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    package Dist::Zilla::Plugin::MyPlugin;
    use Moose;
    with 'Dist::Zilla::Role::RepoFileInjector';

    sub some_method {
        ...
        $self->add_repo_file(Dist::Zilla::File::InMemory->new(...));
    }

    sub some_other_method {
        ...
        $self->write_repo_files;
    }

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This role is to be consumed by any plugin that plans to create files outside
the distribution.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 repo_root

A string indicating the base directory where the file(s) are written, when
relative paths are provided. Defaults to the current working directory.

=head2 allow_overwrite

A boolean indicating whether it is permissible for the file to already exist
(whereupon it is overwritten).  When false, a fatal exception is thrown when
the file already exists.

Defaults to true.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 add_repo_file

    $plugin->add_repo_file($dzil_file);

Registers a file object to be written to disk.
If the path is not absolute, it is treated as relative to C<repo_root>.
The file should consume the L<Dist::Zilla::Role::File> role.

=head2 write_repo_files

    $plugin->write_repo_files;

Writes out all files registered previously with C<add_repo_file>. Your plugin
should normally do this during either the C<AfterBuild> or C<AfterRelease>
phase, e.g.:

    sub after_build
    {
        my $self = shift;
        $self->write_repo_files;
    }

=head2 _repo_files

Returns the list of files added via C<add_repo_file>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Role::FileInjector>

=back

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Role-RepoFileInjector>
(or L<bug-Dist-Zilla-Role-RepoFileInjector@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Dist-Zilla-Role-RepoFileInjector@rt.cpan.org>).

There is also a mailing list available for users of this distribution, at
L<http://dzil.org/#mailing-list>.

There is also an irc channel available for users of this distribution, at
irc://irc.perl.org/#distzilla.

I am also usually active on irc, as 'ether' at C<irc.perl.org>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

This software is copyright (c) 2015 by Karen Etheridge.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
